Fix a bug that Japanese files were not displayed correctly. (#9866)
withastro/astro: .changeset/cool-colts-watch.md

---
"@astrojs/markdown-remark": patch
---

> Fixed a bug that Japanese file name is not displayed when using relative paths in markdowns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes a bug where non-UTF-8 file names are not displayed when using relative paths in markdowns.
```
